Israeli forces have attacked a mosque in
the Gaza Strip it's one of more than 100
of the the UN says Israel has struck
there since October the 7th Al Anis Al
Sharif sent this
report we are currently in the area of
jabalia Al balad where the occupation
forces bombed Al mispah al- mun mosque
here in jabalia it has been completely
destroyed this led to the killing and
injuring of many who were around the
mosque
why did they bomb the mosque there are
no resistance Fighters here why did they
bomb the
Mosk you can see one of the injured
being
[Music]
rescued do not worry you're are fine
look at the Quran under your
feet
the mosque and the surrounding houses
have been completely
destroyed nothing has been spared not
even the Quran even the holy book with
the words of God has been damaged this
is a US Israel lead War even places
worship where there is no resistance all
weapons have been destroyed these are
God's books and they have been
burned they bomb mosques that are
supposed to be safe places they bomb
houses and children is there war against
children they did not spare anything but
they will not obtain anything from us
we're standing
firm now an injured man is being rescued
from the area surrounding the
mosque this is the situation of
civilians after a mosque and many houses
were destroyed in jabalia Al balad the
damage is extensive and many individuals
have been killed and injured an Al
Sharif Al jaaz